never see right now it was a jump that I
oh hey you're here welcome let's get
started
I am Dietrich Ayala and I'm a member of
the web browsers working group to my PFS
project and today I'm going to talk to
you for a couple of minutes about the
priorities that we have for q2 2009 team
starting our immediate priority is to
support ipfs camp and events happening
in june and barcelona where a bunch of
people are going to come and learn about
how to sell adopt and accelerate ipfs we
need to figure out what we're gonna
teach them so there are core courses and
this working group has taken on what are
the core courses which is about
developing apps for ipfs so introduction
to how to develop and ship web and other
applications
well the tooling workflow etc we've also
adopted a second course which is an
elective course so some people can take
a little deeper into the workflow and
intricacies of building websites and
publishing them ipfs that second okay
are for the group is in support of an
annual 2019 priority which is building
package managers with ipfs and
encouraging package manager adoption of
my PFS for distribution the p0 for the
group in this area of work is to reduce
IPS resolve times so right now my penis
can take from what I hear up to four
minutes sometimes to resolve and I
taught a demo today slowly taking a
minute or so so things are getting
better but the goal for the work that
this team is doing and in conjunction
with some of the other working groups
that are also working on improving IPS
is to reduce result time down to 10
seconds or less in browser contexts we
also have an another lower priority goal
to do a little bit of experimentation
with web-based module loaders like I'm
packaged but that is the primary goal is
to support the IPS performance work
which all support not only the package
vanity Bowl but a bunch of other
projects as well
the third objective is one that's kind
of ongoing for this group which is to
reduce surprises for web developers so
we reworked the language on this
objective a bit at the Lisbon planning
session last week to encompass kind of
what to just better describe what the
actual goal there is to support adoption
by web developers we know how many peas
zeroes this quarter for this trading
instead for supporting package manager
and my PFS camp worked but some of the
things are around getting ipfs GSM I've
asked people to work in ways that web
developers would expected to with the
tools and frameworks that they're using
things like view things like module
resolution and the fourth objective is
another new one so this is the companion
I profess companion can support
archiving of web content so this was
around a conversation that we had and
again in Lisbon where we want to be able
to make decisions around how we
prioritize what to work on an IP FS
companion and what features what
infrastructure to fix what things to add
based on a strategy that is driving
towards individual longer-term goal the
longer term goal from a user first
facing perspective is around some
primary use cases that that people want
to do and can do with ipfs in the
browser and saving and archiving of
content that they experienced and seeing
the browser sharing that same content
and it was also publishing new content
so those are the three primary use cases
we identified from a user facing
standpoint tasks that people want to do
when they have access to a I profess
capable browser we don't howdy P ones in
terms of infrastructure or coding that
needs to happen but I have a p0 for
articulating those use cases and
communicating them out so that we can
get feedback on that as they're driving
strategy for where companion needs to go
the next objective is also an ongoing
one for this working group which is the
browser is our browser vendors are
integrating ipfs and shipping it the
immediate priority from me as being new
to the group is to again do it a little
bit of work to articulate what the
overarching strategy is there and how
we're gonna how we're gonna get there
what why do we want browsers to
integrate that give us how do we want
that to happen what is the eventual was
the outcome that we want to see from
browsers integrating ipfs and we have a
couple DZ rows around support for brave
who wants to ship ipfs in in their
browser very soon so we have a couple of
different changes that we need to be
able to make it in order to ensure that
that because companion works with how
they're shipping in and for the use
cases they want to use it for right the
final objective for the group is also a
not a p0 crazy high priority but an
ongoing bit of work around identifying
alternative environments that are web
like use web standards use web web stack
technologies but maybe aren't a browser
per se so we have a p1 where we want to
be able to identify what needs do what
changes need to be able to make we need
to make NGS I profess to be able to work
in electron apps better and better
support desktop app developers are using
that web platform stack be able to build
applications so that's it for q2 it's a
lot we did a rough estimation of p0 work
and that should fit into the time that
we have for sure and then some of the
some of this is also around it is about
product brought more broadly figuring
out what we need to do as a working
group with the broader objective
envision our and some strategy work to
be able to support that so that we can
make even better decisions next quarter
when we're figuring out one of the most
important things in how we're gonna get
there thank you goodbye see you in q3